Umuzi.com

the system will have 3 users:
-patient
-hospital administration
-doctor

starting from rhe patient, he will be able to book a session from his own desired hospital in the specialist he wants.
by this he only goes to umuzi.com and chose to book a session and he must first choose the specialist and according to what choosed
the next lists will be sorted and after he/she chooses province, district, hospital among available options. he can choose that he 
doestn't know the speciality he needs so there would be a little text area where we could put descriptions about his/her illness so in 
the reply he will see the speciality he is assigned to. then the patient fills his identifications including name
 address(district and sector) phone number email(optional) and national ID number and he will pay for the service(300/session made). 
 then after the session will be redirected to the hospital administrator who will check assign the appointment to the doctor. 
 the H-ADMIN will be able to mark a speciality as fully occupied in the system and this will be seen by the patient when choosing 
 the hospital that the service exists in normal but doctors are currently fully occupied.

when the sessions is assigned to the doctor he accepts it or reply with an issue and according to the doctor's feedback the H_ADMIN can 
approve the session or cancle it with why? and the message will be send to contacts provided by the patient either SMS via phone number 
or whatsApp or on the provided E-mail address.

Doctors are registered by H_ADMINS with name contacts(tel and email) address speciality working hours and days. and H_ADMINS Accounts 
are created by the UMUZI staff themselves to avoid spam hospitals. the signed up user could experirence other many feauters like getting 
replies in the system. get notifications to remind them about their upcoming sessions and voice and video call sessions with doctors.
 will also have a reminder for any registered medecine taking routine and it should send notifications if the user accepts it.

doctors will have only a list of registered sessions and a list of pending requests from the H_ADMIN also notifications which can be 
upcoming Sessions and he will have option to cancel pending sessions but with providing why? or to acept it. when he accept it, 
it is redirected to upcoming sessions.

logged in users doesn't need to fill id always as it is stored only selecting the location of the hospital.

H_ADMINS must check if the working hours and days of doctors aren't exceeded before assigning sessions and is the one to schedule
 the duration for each single session based on how the doctor replied means the doctor will always reply no matter he 
 accepted(reply with mean duration) or denied. the H_ADMIN MUSt have a status tab to deactivate speciality when doctors are fully occupied.


on every starting of a week an H_ADMIN must fill available specialities with respective doctors so patients would get updated information
 when going to book in that week. they must have the doctors list and they can modify doctor's profile informations and also can delete
  him or her.

